Part of a healthy work life balance is knowing when to take a break.
Taking time off to focus on yourself and your family is important in maintaining your well-being.
Whether you're going on vacation, need to attend to your health, or have other family needs, you have options for managing your time away.
"Absences or time off refer to instances when employees are not present at work during their scheduled hours.
All employees are entitled to a certain number of paid days off, the number of which depends on the policies and regulations of their country or location."
The Absence Balance page allows you to view your current absence plan balances and past usage, as well as other types of absences. In this example, the Paid Time Off, US Floating Holiday and Purchased PTO balances are included.
Here's how to access the Absence Balance page.
First, head over to the Me tab and select the Time and Absences app.
Then select Absence Balance.
This page displays all absence plan balances available to an employee. For example, this employee has eight hours of their floating holiday available, 192 hours of planned time off available, and no purchased PTOs.
In the US, employees that work in a payout state and are enrolled in a payout state absence plan will receive payment for unused absence balances upon termination as required by state rules and regulations.
Hours under US Purchased PTO will reflect for employees who purchased PTOs during Open Enrollment. We have comprehensive guides you can check to go into further detail when managing your absence plan balances.
Now that you know how to view your plan balance, let's move on to filing a request for time away from work.
First head over to the Me tab and select the Time and Absences app.
Then select Add Absence.
Select the type of absence you need to file from the drop down menu, complete the When section by adding necessary details in the required fields, and finally select the Submit button on the upper right corner.
"Your manager will be notified after a request has been submitted.
All absence type requests follow the same process."
Stay safe and healthy, and don't forget to take your breaks when you need them.